Here it is...
The director general just apologized.
Xiaolong.
Get out of the car.
Buy me a diamond ring.
Ninh Sister Tuyet is Nghi Nhan's girlfriend
I'd rather see it.
Which one do you like?
Yes.
Here you go.
Take a look at this.
Director General, this is
Try it to see how it works.
Great.
You two are the perfect couple.
I wonder if you two like this diamond ring?
You've got it wrong.
I'm here to help my boss.
Pack this up.
Sir, this diamond ring weighs 8.5 carats.
Rare High Quality
worth 20 million
Are you satisfied?
Maybe, Gu is really willing to spend money on his fiancee.
He married me for 10 years and didn t want to see me.
It really makes people angry.
Sir, do you pay by card or cash?
Come here.
This diamond ring is so expensive.
What if your fiancé doesn't like it?
Do you want to ask him first?